Is this true? We thought this was a police deputy! Wrong!
The one who was outside the arch earlier,
Regarding this, just look at our relationship since childhood,
Forgive me. I took a few short photos and I borrowed a piece of leather for you to wipe!
Go slowly!
Just watch me, don't be dragged down!
I know I was wrong! I never thought you would grow up to be a son!
Please make a place for me!
Just swipe slowly under your eyes!
I'm going to die! Someone!
Back!
I'm back!
I can keep it
you can keep
You haven't killed yet
I'm still interested, that's right
will you kill me
Let's come out and see you later.
I'll write it again. If you hear it, please stop and send me away.
Show it to me